right boys it's like 25 degrees sunny
there's not a whole lot of snow on the
ground so biggest perfect day to try to
do a cold start on the Sears diesel and
here she is the dirty diesel smears
I got a battery charger on her right now
just trying to top up the battery
because this thing has not even been
turned over started moved anything in I
want to guess two months at least
hopefully she'll be nice and just fire
right up I'm going to try to use the
glow plug I'm gonna try to use the
electric start
she's got diesel he's freaking diesel
fuel caps I don't know if you guys with
the diesel motors especially you start
plus you guys have a problem with these
things I hate these things
they don't thread properly this is
literally like five layers of plastic
grocery store shopping bag underneath
the cap is the only thing that actually
keeps the fuel and the caps from just
flying off is putting a little bit of a
shim in there so long term I think I'm
getting rid of this fuel tank and
mounting it somewhere else with a better
fuel tank with a better cap that's
project for another day
see if I can remember how to do this
there's an actual process to starting
these Diesel's you got to pull them over
to the compression stroke which
basically means pull the cord till you
can't pull it no more hit the
compression release make sure the fuels
on and then I should probably find the
keys and then I can use a glow plug well
it's been a while since I sat on this
thing so if we got power how much I do
not know 10 seconds on the glow plug I
think we'll do it it goes nope battery's
not going to let me thought I was doing
myself a favor by buying one of these
husky batteries from tractor supply it's
an X I which is supposed to be a decent
brand I know there's only actually three
battery manufacturers in America anyways
and then they just rebrand them everyone
else whatever you want napa Husky
whatever the hell this one's 420 cold
cranking amps for some reason a year
later this thing already sucks actually
last year this thing sucked between the
winch and the glow plugs this battery
does not do it so maybe another future
project might either be doing dual
batteries or just throwing in a crazy
deep-cycle marine battery or something
along those lines either way that's not
really much I can do about now so I'm
gonna run the globe plug until the
battery's pretty much dead to give me
every fighting chance I have pull
starting this thing
and hopefully we get fired up
else's turn like a kitten
a very smelly diesel power kit
you
god I love this thing
it's just ridiculous it's almost
unstoppable as long as you keep it on
four wheels as you can see but a long
time since I've seen both mud and snow
on the tires so that's pretty cool but
other than that successful romp pretty
psyched haven't driven this thing in a
couple months nothing wrong with it
awesome thanks for watching the video
let me know what you guys think
hopefully I'll be able to do some more
drops soon depending on the weather
we'll see but until then I'll see you
next time